This email contains information which is confidential and may be privileged. 
Unless you are the intended addressee (or authorised to receive for the addressee) 
you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone this email or any information contained in this email. 
If you have received this email in error, please advise the sender by reply email immediately and delete this email.

This message contains information that may be privileged or confidential and is the property of the 
Software Archiving Indirect Limited. It is intended only for the person to whom it is addressed. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy, 
disseminate, distribute, or use this message or any part thereof. If you receive this message in 
error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies of this message.

This e-mail may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient. 
Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended 
recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail and delete all copies of this message.

The information herein transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and 
may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other 
use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the 
intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this in error, please delete the material from your 
computer and contact the sender.  The St. John’s Place Fund Management Group guarantees the 
advice given by its representatives when recommending any of the products and services provided by 
companies in the Group.  Representing St. John’s Place Fund Management plc which is authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Services Authority.  The St. John's Place Partnership and the title 
'Partner' are marketing terms used to describe St. John's Place representatives.

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the 
intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized 
review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, 
please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

This message and any attachment are confidential and may be privileged or otherwise protected 
from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the 
sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.  If you are not the 
intended recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents 
to any other person.  Registered in England at 1/3 North Street, Bristol, BS18 7QR, England.  Number 12345432

